for high achieving kids.
But I have always felt that one of the things that has endeared many an Aggie to A&M is because he or she got a scholarship based on their need for financial aid as much as anything else.
I would like to see the students know
that received the scholarship, where it came from, and hope to encourage them to put something back.
And I guess as much as anything else, one of my heroes through the years at A&M was an old gentleman by the name of James M. Kopp Forsyte, class of 12.
And Kopp had this unique facility
of seeing life for what it is.
He got his degree in mechanical engineering.
He often said, I had a father that wanted us to have an education.
So he and his three brothers all went to A&M.
But when he was approached to give something back, he was willing and ready and able.
And his philosophy was
I think all of us took more from A&M than we'll ever give back.
And therefore, it's a privilege for me to give something back.
And I've always admired that attitude.
Two questions left then.
What has it meant to you, your life, that you attended Texas A&M?
Well, the mere fact that I might not have even gone to college is a very important factor, but the fact that I came to Texas A&M, I still reflect on the fact that Aggies are different.
And I think we are so different and we're so committed to each other
that we are the envy of people everywhere.
And that's a feeling I like.
When I tell people I went to Texas A&M, I say it with a great deal of pride because I think being an Aggie is very special.
And it's one of those special things that more people than not don't understand, but they appreciate.
I just thought of this question.
If all the people from your days at A&M were available, which ones would you most want to express personal appreciation to?
Well, probably Don McGinty.
as much as anybody because he was the guy that got me here through Mrs. Johnston.
He was the guy that was my freshman roommate.
We just, you know, reinforced each other a lot because I'm here to tell you your freshman year that first semester there is a great tendency to want to be a quitter and just say I'm going to chunk this thing and go home.
But Don had that
tenacious spirit about him that said, I'm here to stay.
I've got a four-year scholarship, and I'm not about to leave, and Walker, you're not leaving either.
And that was always very encouraging to me.
Who else?
I enjoyed Sid Allen, who was a vet student from, he was Austin originally, but
We got acquainted at church, and he wound up really being one of my best friends.
He was best man at our wedding, and our oldest son, his name's Sidney Alan Walker, because of him.
And while he was not in the Corps, he had that Aggie spirit and remains one of my best friends today.
All right, now you didn't name any faculty and staff.
Well, now faculty and staff, I still want to reflect back on people like Herb Thompson.
He was a great, great mentor.
And then the man from basic division that I mentioned, I can't even say his name.
We'll get it later.
We'll get it.
But the people in basic division were good.
I also remember a Major Palmer that was attack officer in our dorm, Air Force.
And he would sit with us at night down in the student lounge and talk.
And he was a psychologist by training.
didn't realize how much good he was doing us at the time.
Cliff Ranstle was the other guy I was trying to remember in basic division that was so good to me.
But Major Palmer was one of those kind of individuals that if you had a problem, you'd go to it.
And he was a real mentor for us, for me.
A trivia one.
Were you acquainted with an undergraduate colleague named Ray Bowen?
Yes, I was.
What was he like as a fellow student?
Ray Boyne was pretty corps happy.
He was on corps staff.
I remember even as a freshman when I did know him, he seemed to be a little more committed to military rigors than I was.
I was just having a good time.
But he proceeded on and became deputy corps commander.
And, but I still remember him as a very dignified,
serious cadet and I wasn't quite that I wasn't quite that dignified and that serious let's have we left any what what other topics have we not touched that you might have thought about before we began my last question then is what feelings do you hold in your heart now for Texas A&M
Well, one of the feelings, Haskell, that you have is that you wish in a way the place wasn't so big.
And you wished it was a little more family closeness where you could know more students, be more involved.
But the truth of the matter is when I interact with students today, I find them to be very much like we were when we were students.
And they're good kids, and they come from good families, and they believe in hard work.
They believe in being honest.
And whether it's the guys or the gals, when I visit with them,
I work with a number of committees, the Muster Selection Committee every year.
I deal with them, get to know some of them, some of the student leaders, core leaders.
By and large, they're just good kids.
I think one of the things we miss is we don't have as many living on campus as we used to.
And the atmosphere at A&M, a lot of it's created by living on campus.
It becomes a little less involved, you might say, and there's not as much participation in a lot of things.
And I shouldn't say this, but it's what I believe in my heart.
I think we've become a little more fragmented because of various organizations, fraternities and sororities, and the day was you were an Aggie and that's all there was to it.
Now is that to say they're second-class citizens?
No, I'm not saying that.
But I'm saying their loyalty is to the smaller group, just like my loyalty was to the Squadron 4 group that I lived with, and I know.
We had our 40th class reunion recently, and I had three of my four roommates back, and we just had a blast together.
Some of what you said was true.
Some of the stories you remembered were factual.
Oh, yes.
There were some other memories.
When we got together and started talking, there's a lot of things that we have different opinions on.
But still, that's the one regret you have.
Because when you've got 43,000 students, 36,000 undergraduates or so,
It is difficult to be as involved as we were.
Now, I may have given you the wrong impression on that question.
What I was really attempting to ask is today, how do you feel, what are your feelings for A&M?
Oh.
Well, my feelings today for A&M are stronger than ever.
And I really believe that this place,
has a uniqueness about it that you don't find anywhere else.
I am grieved, as many are, by the fact that we have so many students who want to be Aggies and we don't have room for them.
And yet, if we get bigger and bigger and bigger, we're going to have, we run the risk of losing some of that Aggie spirit because we just become a factory.
And how much bigger can you get and keep it, I don't know.
But sometimes we, in life, say, well, the bigger something is, the better it is.
I'm not sure that's true of an academic institution.
I think you begin to have diminishing returns on quality if you get too big.
And there's a tendency to be a number rather than a name.